1. What is the difference between data and information?
data is a representation of an entity or event whilst information is a set of data
2. What is a database?
a database is a place where data is organized and stored 
3. What is a DBMS, and how is it different from a database?
DBMS software that manages databases.
4. Why do organizations use databases instead of regular file systems?
security, consistency, multiple user handling, proper data validation
5. What does data inconsistency mean in a file-based system?
it means the data in one file isn't reflected correctly in other files.
6. How do databases provide faster and more efficient access to data?
by providing a single source of truth and a structured way of accessing data from it
7. How do databases improve security and controlled access?
they have rules on who has access to the data at a certain period of time
8. How do databases support backup and recovery?
they store multiple copies of data 
9. How does a DBMS support multiple users at the same time?
it makes sure that changes by one user are isolated from changes from another user preventing conflict
10. What does ACID stand for, and why is it important?
Atomicity, Consistency, Isolation, Durability
11. What does each ACID property (Atomicity, Consistency, Isolation, Durability) mean?
Atomicity all parts of transaction happen or none happen
Consistency data must be valid before and after transaction. For example some change in a data somewhere can't 
unexpectedly reflect somewhere else 
Isolation multiple transactions don't interfere
Durability data stays saved even when they are crashes
12. What is a relational database (RDBMS), and what structure does it use?
Stores data in tables which consist of rows and columns. Has a table, a schema and language for access of data
13. What is the difference between relational, NoSQL, object-oriented, and graph databases?
relational - organizing structured data
NoSQL - for large amounts or unstructured data
object-oriented - for storing objects
graph - storing relationships
14. When would you choose NoSQL instead of a relational database?
when dealing with data that is unstructured and can't be broken into records with values for specific properties
15. What are the main advantages of databases you should remember for the exam?
security, fast access, consistency, backup and recovery, multiple user handling
